	I'm not afraid to tell my spouse about her/his incompetence.
	When I discuss, I remind my spouse of her/his inadequacy.
	I wouldn't hesitate to tell my spouse about her/his inadequacy.
	I'm not the one who's wrong about problems at home.
	I'm not actually the one who's guilty about what I'm accused of.
	I have nothing to do with what I've been accused of.
	I feel right in our discussions.
	When I discuss with my spouse, I stay silent because I am afraid of not being able to control my anger.
	Even if I'm right in the discussion, I stay silent to hurt my spouse.
	I'd rather stay silent than discuss with my spouse.
	Sometimes I think it's good for me to leave home for a while.
	I mostly stay silent to calm the environment a little bit.
	When I argue with my spouse, ı only go out and I don't say a word.
	When I talk to my spouse about something, my calm suddenly breaks.
	We're just starting a discussion before I know what's going on.
	Our discussions often occur suddenly.
	I hate my spouse's way of open a subject.
	My discussion with my spouse is not calm.
	I can be humiliating when we discussions.
	I can insult my spouse during our discussions.
	I can use offensive expressions during our discussions.
	I can use negative statements about my spouse's personality during our discussions.
	When discussing with my spouse, I usually use expressions such as ‘you always’ or ‘you never’.
	I feel aggressive when I argue with my spouse.
	I know my spouse's friends and their social relationships.
	I know my spouse very well.
	I know my spouse's hopes and wishes.
	I know what my spouse's current sources of stress are.
	I know my spouse's basic anxieties.
	I have knowledge of my spouse's inner world.
	I can tell you what kind of stress my spouse is facing in her/his life.
	I know my spouse's favorite food.
	I know how my spouse wants to be taken care of when she/he sick.
	I know exactly what my wife likes.
	My spouse and I have similar values in trust.
	My spouse and I have similar ideas about how roles should be in marriage.
	My spouse and I have similar ideas about how marriage should be.
	We share the same views about being happy in our life with my spouse.
	We're compatible with my spouse about what love should be.
	Our dreams with my spouse are similar and harmonious.
	Most of our goals for people (children, friends, etc.) are the same.
	My spouse and I have similar sense of entertainment.
	My spouse and I have similar values in terms of personal freedom.
	I think that one day in the future, when I look back, I see that my spouse and I have been in harmony with each other.
	Most of our goals are common to my spouse.
	I enjoy traveling with my wife.
	I enjoy our holidays with my wife.
	We are like two strangers who share the same environment at home rather than family.
	We don't have time at home as partners.
	The time I spent with my wife is special for us.
	When I discuss with my spouse, to contact him will eventually work.
	When we need it, we can take our discussions with my spouse from the beginning and correct it.
	I know we can ignore our differences, even if things get hard sometimes.
	If one of us apologizes when our discussion deteriorates, the discussion ends.
